chore: Adjust documentation v4 expand/select (#75)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/js/features/odata/v4/expand-select.mdx

In contrast to the OData v2 implementation, you have to `select` and `expand` separately.
In other words selected properties are not expanded automatically as in v2.

The reason for this difference originates in the way select and expand work in OData v4.
In OData v4 you select within the expand argument `$expand=Friends($select=FirstName)` whereas in OData v2 you select via a path `$select=Friends/FirstName&$expand=Friends`.

> We tried to mimic this behavior also in our API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That's why we mimic this behavior for `select` and `expand` operations in our API for OData v4 type-safe client.
```
